# Mainnet TACo Beta Program

{% hint style="info" %}
Mainnet TACo launched in January 2024. The information below is for those seeking access to the invite-only **beta program**. We advise getting familiar with the [Testnet](../integration-guides/get-started-with-tac.md) version (Tapir) before requesting access to Mainnet TACo.
{% endhint %}

In order to use TACo in production – i.e. the fully decentralized version of TACo with independent nodes managing access to data – adopting developers must be furnished with their own DKG public key. This persistent public key is used to encrypt application users' data, and is generated by a unique cohort of Threshold nodes via a DKG initialization ritual. Those same set of nodes then collectively manage access to data.&#x20;

The public key – along with authority over the cohort – will be controlled by the adopting developer until they decide to devolve that power to a DAO, multisig or any kind of contract. \
\
During genesis, a DKG initialization ritual involves the following manual steps:&#x20;

(1) Ask to join the beta program – make this request in the Threshold Discord [#taco](https://discord.com/channels/866378471868727316/870383642751430666) channel.&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
The NuCypher team –  Threshold Network co-founders and TACo core developers – currently gate-keeps access to the beta program and negotiates price points on behalf of the TACo node population. **Not all requests to join the beta program will be granted immediately**. Note that once an DKG initialization is complete, the NuCypher team does not retain any power over the`ritualID`, the public key, encryptor authorization, or cohort parameters.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

(2) Provide the Polygon wallet address you wish to designate as `cohortAdmin`. This address will exclusively control a unique `ritualID`, DKG public key, and associated cohort of TACo nodes.\
\
(3) Prepare the funds (in **DAI**) to pay mainnet usage fees. A single payment is made upfront, before the DKG initialization commences, and covers both parts of the fee model (duration & per-user). The total  sum in DAI depends on:\
a. the number of nodes required (min. 30)\
b. the duration of node rental required (min. 12 months)\
c. the number of unique/reusable encryptors credits required (min. 500) \
For more details, see the [Fee Model ](../mainnet-fees.md)section. \
\
(4) Complete the payment into a proxy contract, which will escrow the funds until the DKG Initialization Ritual is complete. At completion, the payment will be transferred to the Threshold Treasury Guild (part of the Threshold DAO). The proxy contract address will be provided on acceptance to the beta program.&#x20;

{% hint style="warning" %}
During the beta program, the proxy contract will act as an temporary`sponsor`of the cohort. The`sponsor` role **does not** have any power over the `ritualID.`Rather, the designated Polygon address (the`cohortAdmin`role) will have complete control over the DKG public key, the allow logic to authorize encryptors, and cohort/network-level parameters – e.g. the size of the cohort.&#x20;
{% endhint %}

(4) Complete the set-up by following the instructions in the Mainnet TACo Integration [guide](../integration-guides/mainnet-taco-integration.md).
