---
description: Setup persistent data directories for the client.
---

# Data Storage

The client requires two persistent directories. These directories will store configuration files and data generated and used by the client. It is highly recommended to create frequent backups of these directories. Loss of these data may be catastrophic and may lead to slashing.

{% hint style="warning" %}
It is crucial to ensure that the data directory is persisted and backed up regularly.
{% endhint %}

#### Create folders for tBTC v2 client

```bash
cd /home/$USER/
mkdir keep
cd keep
mkdir storage config
```

The tBTC v2 client will create two subdirectories within the storage directory: `keystore` and `work`. You do not need to create these.&#x20;

The `keystore` subdirectory contains sensitive key material data generated by the client. Losing the `keystore` data is a serious protocol offense and leads to slashing and potentially losing funds.

{% hint style="danger" %}
It is the operator’s responsibility to ensure the keystore data is not lost under any circumstances.
{% endhint %}

The `work` directory contains data generated by the client that should persist through client restarts or relocations. If the `work` data are lost, the client will be able to recreate them, but it is inconvenient due to the time needed for the operation to complete, and may lead to losing rewards.

### **Copy the Operator keystore file**

Assuming [Geth was installed](operator-account.md) for the root user with the command provided in the [Operator Account creation](operator-account.md) step, the operator-key file should be located in the `/.operator-key` directory.

```bash
cd /home/$USER/.operator-key
```

Contained within the `operator-key` directory is the account key file (operator key file), its name will be similar to the following: \
`UTC--2018-11-01T06-23-57.810787758Z--fa3da235947aab49d439f3bcb46effd1a7237e32`

**Copy (not move!)** this account key file to the `config` directory created above

```bash
ls -la
cp name_of_account_key_file /home/$USER/keep/config/name_of_account_key_file
```
